Introduce the number formatting settings (#5449)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/introduction/general_tools.rst

     Adjust scaling range dialog

.. index:: Number format; Map scale bar
.. _number_formatting:

Number Formatting
-----------------

> A numeric formatter allows for formatting a numeric value for display, using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Numeric formatters allow formatting of numeric values for display, using
```

> a variety of different formatting techniques (e.g. as scientific notation,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a variety of different formatting techniques (for instance scientific notation,
```

> currency values, percentage values, etc). This can be used for example when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
currency values, percentage values, etc). One use of this is to set
```

> setting text in a layout scale bar or fixed table...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
text in a layout scale bar or fixed table.
```

 
Different categories of formats are supported.
For most of them, you can set part or all of the following numeric options:

* |checkbox| :guilabel:`Show thousands separator`
* |unchecked| :guilabel:`Show plus sign`
* |unchecked| :guilabel:`Show trailing zeros`

But they can also have their custom settings. Provided categories are:

> * :guilabel:`General`, the default category, has no setting and displays values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :guilabel:`General`, the default category. Has no setting, and displays values
```

Author: Looks weird to me to have a sentence beginning with a verb, and no subject. Oh! I did it. was weird, right?

Reviewer: A dash or a colon are possible alternatives.
`:guilabel:`General`, the default category - has no setting, and displays values`
`:guilabel:`General`, the default category: has no setting, and displays values`

>   as set in the parent widget properties or using the global settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  as set in the parent widget properties or using the global settings.
```

* :guilabel:`Number`

  * The value can be :guilabel:`Round to` a self defined number of
    :guilabel:`Decimal places` or their :guilabel:`Significant figures`
  * customize the :guilabel:`Thousands separator` and :guilabel:`Decimal separator`
* :guilabel:`Bearing` for a text representation of a direction/bearing using:

  * :guilabel:`Format`: possible ranges of values are ``0 to 180°, with E/W suffix``,
    ``-180 to +180°`` and ``0 to 360°``
  * number of :guilabel:`Decimal places`
* :guilabel:`Currency` for a text representation of a currency value.

  * :guilabel:`Prefix`
  * :guilabel:`Suffix`
  * number of :guilabel:`Decimal places`

> * :guilabel:`Fraction` for a vulgar fractional representation of a decimal

Reviewer: Why"vulgar"?

Author: Probably because of the native English speaker PR author... 😄

Reviewer: I looked it up - seems to be a standard term.

  value (e.g. *1/2* instead of *0.5*)

>   * |unchecked| :guilabel:`Use unicode super/subscript` to show eg :sup:`1/2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * |unchecked| :guilabel:`Use unicode super/subscript` to show. For example :sup:`1/2`
```

    instead of 1/2
  * |unchecked| :guilabel:`Use dedicated Unicode characters`
  * customize the :guilabel:`Thousands separator`
* :guilabel:`Percentage` appending ``%`` to the values

  * number of :guilabel:`Decimal places`
  * :guilabel:`Scaling` to indicate whether the actual values already represent

>     percentages (and they will be kept as is) or fractions (and they are converted)    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    percentages (then they will be kept as is) or fractions (then they are converted)    
```

> * :guilabel:`Scientific` notation in the form ``2.56e+03``. A number of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :guilabel:`Scientific` notation in the form ``2.56e+03``. The number of
```
